features of fyp:
1. clothing image authentication: clothing vs non-clothing with CLIP
2. clothing segmentation to store clean cutouts in virtual closet, fall back to original image if the user finds the segmentation improper or reprocess.
3. from the segmented image, extract clothing meta data like clothing type and color then hard code the main categories.
	meta data: topwear, shirt, casual wear
4. a virtual grid based closet to store the clean images with searching and sorting feature
	4.1 to remember where the user stored what item, the user can select what they use to store clothing items like a closet, 	drawers, storage boxes, others. these storage items have custom description of where they are provided by the user.
	4.2 Before a user uploads a picture they need to specify which box they are storing the item in.
	4.3 a closet is customizable and can have drawers, and compartments is used given location and description.
	4.4 In home page there will be icons of these storages which users can click to see which items are in which place. and 	can also view entire collection.
	4.5 Users can "put away" a unit (winter clothes not being used stored away), and these clothes will not be used for outfit 	generation.
5. recommendation ai (rule based + simple ai) to generate outfits. first selects a topwear according to user prompt then calculates compatibility score with bottom wear, then shoes.
6. users can save and rate the outfits generate, outfit rating can be further used to improve accuracy.
7. usage frequency for clothes and wear count on outfits to encourage use of less used clothes
8. Uses weather api to suggest carrying umbrella, raincoats, sunglasses, additional layers, etc.
9. Enable user to create their own outfit which the Ai can rate.

features to be added given availability of time.
1. e-commerce store 
2. a social media like socializing network where users can share their outfits and other people can view, like comment on them.

features not to add
1. buy, sell and thrift options among the users (hassle)